Add examples about setup customization in Azure Bootstrapper module (#588)
pagopa/dx: infra/modules/azure_github_environment_bootstrap/README.md

> ## Extending the module for custom needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring the module for custom needs
```

> The module provides the basic configuration adhering to DX and Technology standards. However, it can be extended according to new needs. In fact, the module export all the ids and names of the resources that creates, so it is straightforward to add further resources.

Reviewer: thoughts: the meaning of "extended" is not clear to the casual reader. what do you mean with "extended" in this context?

Reviewer: which kind of customization and capabilities? I'd add an example.

Reviewer: I'd link "can be extended" to the next paragraph "Customizing GitHub configuration" then. To avoid readers wondering as they read, a best practice when anticipating content is always to link the reference.

> The module provides the basic configuration adhering to DX and Technology standards. However, it can be extended according to new needs. In fact, the module export all the ids and names of the resources that creates, so it is straightforward to add further resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module provides the basic configuration adhering to DX and Technology standards. However, it can be configured according to new needs. In fact, the module export all the ids and names of the resources that creates, so it is straightforward to add further resources.
```

}
```

### Managing multiple resource groups

> This module already provides a resource group to deploy Azure resources into. However, if there is a need to create one or more resource groups, you can easily create them and notify the module about their existence: all required roles will be assigned by the module itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module includes a pre-configured resource group for deploying Azure resources. If you need additional resource groups, you can easily create them; the module will automatically assign all necessary roles.```

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "new_rg01" {
  name     = "dx-d-itn-custom-rg-01"
  location = "italynorth"

  tags = local.tags
}

resource "azurerm_resource_group" "new_rg02" {
  name     = "dx-d-itn-custom-rg-02"
  location = "italynorth"

  tags = local.tags
}

module "bootstrapper" {
  source  = "pagopa-dx/azure-github-environment-bootstrap/azurerm"
  version = "~>x.0"

  additional_resource_group_ids = [
    azurerm_resource_group.new_rg01.id,
    azurerm_resource_group.new_rg02.id,
  ]
}
```

### Managing roles to common resources

The module facilitates the role assignment to resources that are generally, by their nature, centralized and shared by the entire product. These are the following ones:

- API Management
- Service Bus Namespace
- Log Analytics Workspace
- NAT Gateway

> The module exposes an optional variable of each of these resources, accepting their Ids. By using them, required role to operate on them will be assigned to the Managed Identities used by the workflows of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each of these resources, the module provides an optional variable to which their IDs can be passed. Utilizing these IDs ensures that the requisite roles for operating on the resources are assigned to the Managed Identities associated with the repository's workflows.```
